‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎I'm sorry, Wayem,
‎but I've a casting this afternoon
‎and then a private fencing lesson.
‎But we will hang out soon.
‎You're my number-one fan, after all!
‎But my father never lets me hang out and
‎I can't have friends over, either.
‎Seriously? You never have friends over?
‎That's harsh! One day, I'm gonna come over
‎and change your dad's mind.
‎And we'll have a rocking good time.
‎My father doesn't change his mind
‎easily, but I appreciate the thought.
‎OK, I gotta finish my homework
‎before the shoot. See ya.
‎Bye, Adrien!
‎Why don't you make the most
‎of your father being out of town?
‎Have some friends over
‎and live it up a little!
‎My father has high expectations of me.
‎I can't go behind his back like that.
‎Besides, even if I wanted to live it up,
‎my bodyguard's making sure I stay in line.
‎That's OK. You've got me,
‎and our endless supply of cheese!
‎That'll make anyone happy!
‎-Is everything going to plan?
‎-Yes. En route to the airport, sir.
‎You will officially be
‎in Tokyo all weekend.
‎-No one will suspect you stayed home.
‎-Perfect.
‎Emilie, we miss you so much.
‎But you'll be back with us very soon.
‎Thanks to my akumas, it's only
‎a matter of time before I take control
‎of their Miraculous. Merging them
‎will grant me power to reshape reality
‎and finally reverse our past mistake.
‎They're ready. Nooroo, time to harvest.
‎Hmm.
‎OK. Remember our objective. To penetrate
‎the impenetrable fortress, Adrien's pad!
‎Our main obstacle, Adrien's old man,
‎is headed for Tokyo
‎along with obstacle number two.
‎As for obstacle number three, we have
‎our secret weapon to neutralise him.
‎Operation Adrien begins... now!
‎-Uh... now now?
‎-Yeah, now now. What now?
‎Uh, now now is when I promised Mylène
‎I'd go help her plant some trees
‎-down by the river.
‎-Wait. This thing's today?
‎Yes. And the probability of the girls
‎being disappointed
‎-if we don't participate is 100%.
‎-Which is why I already came up with
‎official excuses for each of you.
‎-Like, you, Kim, have a swimming lesson.
‎-Great! I always have my trunks on me!
‎Dude, you don't have a swimming lesson.
‎That's just your excuse.
‎-But isn't that lying?
‎-Sorry, but Max is right.
‎The girls can't know about this!
‎So, is this mission still on?
‎For Adrien? Guys?
‎Mmm-hmm.
‎-Weren't the boys supposed to be here?
‎-Nino was asked to DJ
‎-his grandma's birthday party.
‎-Ivan rushed over to the dentist!
‎Nathaniel crashed his computer
‎and lost all his work.
‎-Max and Markov are helping him fix it.
‎-Kim has a mandatory swimming lesson.
‎Though I'm not entirely sure
‎why he texted me that.
‎Uh, speaking of excuses, I... I forgot
‎that I was supposed to help
‎my grandpa bake a cake
‎for one of his mice's birthday's today.
‎Sorry, Mylène. Catch you later, girls!
‎Did I miss something or is it
‎Bad Excuses World Championship today?
‎Hello! We're here to see Adrien.
‎We've got a school project together!
‎Word is you're a big
‎superhero figure collectors.
‎Is it true your collection
‎is missing a few pieces?
‎Including this incredibly rare Majestia,
‎millennium edition?
‎There you go.
‎Two more of Adrien's buddies will
‎show up later to help with the project!
‎Vintage Knight Owl,
‎65th anniversary edition!
‎But if Marinette, Juleka, Rose, Alya,
‎Alix or Mylène come knocking,
‎don't let 'em in, OK?
‎He sure strikes a hard bargain!
‎-What are you guys doing here?
‎-We're here for the school project.
‎-Project? What project?
‎-You know, the‎ project!
‎Oh! That project.
‎Surprise project! You've never had
‎any hang-out time at your place, right?
‎-We get to have it whenever we want!
‎-So we wanted to right this injustice.
‎That's really cool of you all,
‎but my father would never allow this.
‎It'd be best if you...
‎But, hey!
‎As long as it's not for very long
‎-and he never finds out about it...
‎-Hang-out time!
‎A jet-stream bathtub!
‎So glad I came prepared!
‎Dude, I've always wanted
‎one of these in my room!
‎-Is there any game you don't have?
‎-Man, you've got the coolest stuff!
‎You ain't seen nothing yet!
‎Awesome!
‎This isn't the way to the bakery!
‎No, Tikki. I just said that so I could
‎lead my investigation undisturbed.
‎-You lied to your friends?
‎-I didn't want to upset Mylène.
‎It was her idea to plant the trees.
‎But something totally fishy's going on!
‎All the boys are unavailable,
‎with really lame excuses.
‎Trust me,
‎I know lame excuses when I hear them.
‎I've turned into an expert at them
‎since I became you-know-who!
‎ I know! I'm gonna call Ivan.
‎He can't lie to save his life.
‎If there's something secret going on,
‎he'll blab!
‎Zidoune to Platino, who dribbles
‎and passes to Kyllian Nkake... Goal!
‎Yes!
‎-It's Marinette!
‎-Don't pick up!
‎You can't lie! If she finds out we're
‎here, you can say goodbye to guy time!
‎It's Marinette.
‎Hmm?
‎Proves my point. They're all together!
‎I may have an idea where they could be.
‎Adrien's dad left town
‎for Tokyo Fashion Week!
‎While the cat's away the mice will play!
‎-Why can't we just answer Marinette?
‎-You don't want to miss out on
‎-a chance to hang out with your guys.
‎-But isn't Marinette one of my guys?
‎Yes, but no.
‎Right now she's with her guys!
‎So, we aren't gonna
‎disturb her and her guys!
‎Otherwise we wouldn't be the good guys!
‎Get it?
‎This whole guy thing's super complicated.
‎OK! Music!
‎Whoa!
‎These can't be your awesome old records?
‎They were my mother's.
‎Wait a sec! Is this as loud as it gets?
‎Max and Markov! Can you turn it up?
‎Affirmative!
‎I just need to hook into
‎the home's electrical panel.
‎Ah!
‎-I knew it!
‎-Are you sure this is a good idea?
‎All the guys are at Adrien's,
‎so why can't I be there, too?
‎I'll just pretend I was passing by and...
‎-Yet another lie?
‎-Just a half-truth!
‎Hey, guys!
‎Whoa! Your house has
‎an insane power supply, Adrien!
‎It could compete with a power station!
‎-My father wants the biggest and best.
‎-Cool! Give me the biggest and best!
‎The system is down?
‎Emelie!
‎-You sure it's not too loud?
‎Are you kidding?
‎It's the way it's supposed to be!
‎-It's about time.
‎-This is my chance!
‎What's all this racket about?
‎Uh... Sorry, Officer, we're just doing--
‎A school project!
‎We're working on a school project!
‎-What's the topic? Eardrum damage?
‎-No. It's, uh... on Foosball!
‎Seriously? You're doing it all wrong!
‎Let me show you how it's done!
‎Cassette, de balayage... Goal!
‎It's for the casting!
‎Ma che bella fiesta!
‎The perfect setting for the photoshoot!
‎Uh, I'm one of Adrien's buddies
‎from school
‎and he personally invited me to his party.
‎Hey, Adrien!
‎I'm digging the tunes! Rock'n'roll!
‎Why are all the guys allowed in
‎and I'm not?
‎Guys... Guys? Guys! Of course!
‎Tell your young master
‎his fencing instructor awaits, wretch!
‎Can I rest here for a few hours, until
‎my daughter's make-up frenzy has passed?
‎Bonjour! I received a call
‎for an ice-cream delivery!
‎I'm sorry. I've lost a pigeon.
‎I think I saw it fly into your back yard.
‎Daddykins! I'm not finished with you!
‎Daddy!
‎Miss Bourgeois sends me here
‎looking for her Daddykins.
‎Would he be here by any chance?
‎Jeannot!
‎Thanks for bringing your leaf blower!
‎-Stay peachy!
‎-Hoo! Hoo!
‎Stay peachy!
‎-Is hang-out time always like this?
‎-No! But it should be!
‎Hi, there!
‎It's me, Marino, your neighbour.
‎I heard there was a party going on here,
‎guys only,
‎so I'd like to come too,
‎because I'm a guy.
‎In fact, it's hard for me to walk
‎with all these guy muscles of mine!
‎ I mean, ho, ho!
‎-Master Fu?
‎-Who, me? No!
‎Not at all. I'm DJ Wong! Wiki, wiki, waa!
‎-Master! It's me, Marinette!
‎-Marinette?
‎What are you doing here?
‎Aren't you supposed to be extra careful?
‎Keeping the Miraculous hidden
‎so Hawk Moth won't find them?
‎Don't worry, Marinette,
‎the Miraculous are cool!
‎Ah! Stationation!
‎Takes me back to my youth!
‎We could do the holiday-camp dance!
‎-No. We can't.
‎-Why not, Captain Hessenpy?
‎-Nothing dangerous about that!
‎-No, look. We've got the butler,
‎the ice-cream man, the policeman,
‎the janitor, and I can do the fireman.
‎-But we're missing...
‎-The moustachioed biker.
‎Gentlemen, I think you'll be able
‎to dance after all.
‎The moustachioed biker!
‎I like your style! Whoa!
‎-Look out, sir!
‎-Thank you, young man.
‎-Your natural reflexes are good.
‎-Helping others should always be
‎a natural reflex,
‎like swimming is for fish!
‎Hmm.
‎Noroo, dark wings rise!
‎I need someone to restore power
‎from the outside!
‎I don't feel any negative emotion.
‎There's only...
‎joy.
‎What's going on in my house?
‎This is Adrien's voicemail.
‎Leave a message.
‎Not only are you allowed to have friends
‎over, but a huge party is no big deal!
‎Why did you lie to me, Adrien?
‎Ah! I can feel a negative emotion.
‎At last,
‎an unexpected, powerful
‎wave of disappointment.
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise him!
‎Party Crasher, I am Hawk Moth.
‎So, you weren't invited?
‎Well, I'm giving you the power
‎to crash that party and end it for good!
‎Let's get this party started, Hawk Moth!
‎To all of you who have invaded my house...
‎Now face the most fearsome super villain
‎ever created!
‎Adrien!
‎Your body language
‎is like second nature to me!
‎I can read your dance steps
‎and see all your moves in advance!
‎Aaah!
‎-Marinette?
‎-Uh, no, no, no. It's me, Marino.
‎So, Adrien, too busy for your main fan?
‎Well, I'll make sure you never forget
‎to invite me to one of your parties again!
‎Adrien! Where are you, Adrien?
‎Marinette! Run and hide!
‎Plagg, let's boogie!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Perfect!
‎Our surprise guests
‎should be here any moment now!
‎Disco dude! You know the tune.
‎When the heroes show up, the party's over!
‎Fools! All I need is to touch you
‎and your Miraculous will be mine!
‎Cat Noir, look out!
‎Whoa!
‎-How did he know what I was gonna do?
‎-He can anticipate our moves!
‎We'll have to figure out
‎how to surprise him!
‎Lucky charm!
‎An old cassette?
‎Watch out!
‎-No!
‎Don't go in there alone.
‎You'll never pull this off by yourself.
‎-Give me milady back!
‎-Huh?
‎Idiot! You can't get me.
‎I can read your every dance step!
‎Disco!
‎Need some backup?
‎Pegasus? Viperion? Carapace?
‎Time to strut your disco stuff!
‎Beware of Viperion
‎and his power to go back in time.
‎Second chance!
‎Don't worry, Cat Noir!
‎We've got you covered!
‎Shell--
‎Second chance!
‎Don't worry, Cat Noir!
‎We've got you covered! Shell--
‎Viperion!
‎There's only one Miraculous
‎that could save the day.
‎But this one is so... special.
‎-Aw! A flying monkey plushie!
‎-I'm no plushie!
‎-My name's Xuppu, you nitwit!
‎-My name's not Nitwit. My name's Kim!
‎I'm wondering
‎if this was the smartest move.
‎-Just say "Showtime" already!
‎-Xuppu, showtime!
‎Incredible work! Now all you need to do
‎is send me the Miraculous!
‎Let's dance!
‎Hey! Wait a sec!
‎King Monkey loves to party too!
‎Uproar!
‎Eat this!
‎Seriously?
‎What's going on?
‎Sorry!
‎I just love disrupting other powers!
‎Oh, no!
‎-Carapace, protect us!
‎-Shelter! Ha!
‎Pegasus, teleport here
‎and find something to play this!
‎Pardon me, sir! I promise
‎to return it after Paris is saved!
‎The only solution
‎is to be so unpredictable
‎that he can't read our dance steps.
‎So... Freak out!
‎What are you doing? It's nonsense!
‎-Cat Noir!
‎-Cataclysm!
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Pound it!
‎Scrub harder, guys!
‎Any trace of our awesome hang-out time
‎must be long gone
‎before Mr Agreste gets back!
‎I'm sorry, Wayem. I swear I had no idea
‎my friends were gonna surprise me.
‎What matters is that you had a great time.
‎And now, I get to clean house with
‎my idol! This is the best day of my life!
‎Things would probably have gone
‎differently if I hadn't lied.
‎I wasn't completely honest today either,
‎but...
‎ I did it for Adrien!
‎If we hurry up,
‎we can still plant trees with the girls.
‎Great idea!
‎Hmm.
‎Ladybug, Cat Noir,
‎soon your luck will run out.
‎And, one of these days, I'll be leading
‎you in a dance... a dance of doom!